There is also a massive winter storm
that is likely to bring severe weather to nearly 30
million Americans.
It held yesterday in Southern California,
which doesn't happen often.
This is the Rose Bowl in Pasadena.
And that system is moving east.
Weather Channel meteorologist Stephanie Abrams
joins us now from their global headquarters in Atlanta.
Stephanie, give us some good news.
Nate, I wish I could, but sadly, all that severe weather
that you just showed is shifting east.
And so as we head into the overnight hours,
it looks like the Red River Valley
is where we are going to see the threat for hail,
damaging winds.
And we also can't rule out tornadoes.
I want to show you our Torcon.
This is our tornado threat scale.
It's a 3 out of 10 today.
So that means that severe weather and tornadoes
are possible.
How about the timing of this?
It's going to start as we head into the afternoon
and into the evening hours.
So watch out for those kids maybe
being woken up by the lightning or the storms
or maybe your pets hopping into bed with you
because they're woken up by these storms.
It continues to roll eastbound for our Thursday.
So all day Thursday, it's going to be here
throughout the Mississippi River Valley
and deep into the Southeast.
And it's not just those areas that could see the storms.
It expands all the way up into the Midwest for tomorrow.
And then there's a wintry side of this.
We are going to see that snow-- look
at this swath, 8 to 12 inches.
In places like Kansas City, we could wipe out our deficit.
We are nearly 6 inches below average.
Nate, we'll have more from our expert team
live throughout the storm on the Weather Channel television
network.
Let's keep those warm coats out, that's for sure.
Stephanie Abrams, thank you so much.